Add workaround for RID-specific tool publishing (#49295)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/sdk/10.0/dotnet-tool-pack-publish.md

If you want to create tools for only a subset of platforms, use `ToolPackageRuntimeIdentifiers`. If you want to disable RID-specific tool packages entirely, you should conditionally include or exclude the `RuntimeIdentifiers` property in your project file.

> Alternatively, if you're using the .NET 10.0.100 GA SDK or later and you want to maintain the old behavior (framework-dependent, platform-agnostic .NET Tools) even when a `RuntimeIdentifier` is specified, add the following properties to your project file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you want to maintain the previous behavior (framework-dependent, platform-agnostic .NET Tools) even when a `RuntimeIdentifier` is specified, add the following properties to your project file:
```
